feat(doc-tools): add typedoc plugin (#4174)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/doc-tools-doc/docs/en/plugin/official-plugins/overview.mdx

# Overview

Official plugins include the following:

> - [@edenx/doc-plugin-typedoc](./typedoc)：Integrate [TypeDoc](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc), used to generate API documentation of TS module automatically.

Reviewer: Should we add more documents for other doc plugins?

Author: I will add api-docgen plugin doc in the future.

> - [@edenx/doc-plugin-typedoc](./typedoc)：Integrate [TypeDoc](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc), used to generate API documentation of TS module automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@modern-js/doc-plugin-typedoc](./typedoc)：Integrate [TypeDoc](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc), used to generate API documentation of TS module automatically.
```
